README.md, before:

# mean-market-web

[Full Ref Thank you](https://github.com/shaheershukur/Market-Web-Application)

[Video ref => Creating a Simple Web Application(Shopping Website) from Scratch [#1] | Angular + Material | Mock-up](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41aGgttr8UU&t=100s&ab_channel=ShaheerShukur)


### Create angular project
```
ng new market
```
- set Y for genreate router
- set Css for template

### angular command 
```
ng serve \\ run angular app
ng serve --open --port 5000 \\ run and specific port then open in web browser
```

- Add angular material
```
ng add @angular/material
// chose Custom 
// Set up global Angular Material typography styles? => Y
// Set up browser animations for Angular Material? => Y
```


[Video ref => Quick UI using Angular Material Schematics [#2] | Front end development | Web Application](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcACk0WTqNc&ab_channel=ShaheerShukur)


### Generate navigation nav
```
ng generate @angular/material:navigation nav
/*
==> Result after generate <==
CREATE src/app/nav/nav.component.html (929 bytes)
CREATE src/app/nav/nav.component.spec.ts (1227 bytes)
CREATE src/app/nav/nav.component.ts (578 bytes)      
CREATE src/app/nav/nav.component.css (193 bytes)  
*/

```

### Generate Dashboard
```
ng generate @angular/material:dashboard home
```

[Video ref => Express Server Integration with Angular UI [#3] | Back End & Front End | Web Application](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dT1ID4q57fs&ab_channel=ShaheerShukur)

### Generate Express
```
npm i -g express-generator
```

### Create market-service
```
express market-service
```

Commit message:

update after start express app success

README.md, after:

# mean-market-web

[Full Ref Thank you](https://github.com/shaheershukur/Market-Web-Application)

[Video ref => Creating a Simple Web Application(Shopping Website) from Scratch [#1] | Angular + Material | Mock-up](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41aGgttr8UU&t=100s&ab_channel=ShaheerShukur)


### Create angular project
```
ng new market
```
- set Y for genreate router
- set Css for template

### angular command 
```
ng serve \\ run angular app
ng serve --open --port 5000 \\ run and specific port then open in web browser
```

- Add angular material
```
ng add @angular/material
// chose Custom 
// Set up global Angular Material typography styles? => Y
// Set up browser animations for Angular Material? => Y
```


[Video ref => Quick UI using Angular Material Schematics [#2] | Front end development | Web Application](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcACk0WTqNc&ab_channel=ShaheerShukur)


### Generate navigation nav
```
ng generate @angular/material:navigation nav
/*
==> Result after generate <==
CREATE src/app/nav/nav.component.html (929 bytes)
CREATE src/app/nav/nav.component.spec.ts (1227 bytes)
CREATE src/app/nav/nav.component.ts (578 bytes)      
CREATE src/app/nav/nav.component.css (193 bytes)  
*/

```

### Generate Dashboard
```
ng generate @angular/material:dashboard home
```

[Video ref => Express Server Integration with Angular UI [#3] | Back End & Front End | Web Application](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dT1ID4q57fs&ab_channel=ShaheerShukur)

### Generate Express
```
npm i -g express-generator
```

### Create market-service
```
express market-service

// After generate you will install package with command bellow
npm i

// Run with command
npm start app.js
```
